README.md, before:

# ✦ Grimoire.ts ✦

A digital grimoire for plants, spells, and quiet study — built with TypeScript.

![ScreenshotImage](assets/SiteScreen.png)

## ✨ About

**Grimoire.ts** is a personal frontend project that explores the intersection of technology, plant knowledge, and modern witchcraft. The goal was to create a digital repository for plants and spells, combining curated data with interactive features for a peaceful, reflective experience.

This project is designed to provide an **easy-to-use interface** for anyone who wants to browse plant information or learn about simple rituals and spells, all stored in a digital grimoire format.

## 🌱 Features

- Curated plant and herb entries with details like uses, notes, and images.
- Interactive plant filtering and spell search.
- Clean, minimal interface.
- Structured data powered by TypeScript for better organization and scalability.

## 🛠️ Technologies

- `HTML`
- `CSS`
- `TypeScript`

## 🔮 Future Ideas

- Expand the data
- Custom animations
- Seperate design for mobile

## Run the Project

Open in **GitHub Pages**: [Grimoire.ts](https://bambiroe.github.io/grimoire-ts/)

*OR*

**1.** Clone the repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/bambiroe/grimoire-ts.git
```

**2.** Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd grimoire-ts
```

**3.** Install dependencies (if you plan to run locally):

```bash
npm install
```

**4.** Run the app:

```bash
npx tsc && python3 -m http.server
```

**5.** Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:8000` to view the app.

## 🌿 Author

Created by [*@bambiroe*](https://github.com/bambiroe).

This project is licensed under the *MIT License* - *see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details*.

Commit message:

[010] README Update + Fixes
- Added a "What I Learned" section in README.
- Fixed the outdated screenshot.
- Fixed minor spelling mistakes.

README.md, after:

# ✦ Grimoire.ts ✦

A digital grimoire for plants, spells, and quiet study — built with TypeScript.

![ScreenshotImage](assets/SiteScreen.png)

## ✨ About

**Grimoire.ts** is a personal frontend project that explores the intersection of technology, plant knowledge, and modern witchcraft. The goal was to create a digital repository for plants and spells, combining curated data with interactive features for a peaceful, reflective experience.

This project is designed to provide an **easy-to-use interface** for anyone who wants to browse plant information or learn about simple rituals and spells, all stored in a digital grimoire format.

## 🌱 Features

- Curated plant and herb entries with details like uses, notes, and images.
- Interactive plant filtering and spell search.
- Clean, minimal interface.
- Structured data powered by TypeScript for better organization and scalability.

## 🛠️ Technologies

- `HTML`
- `CSS`
- `TypeScript`

## 🔮 Future Ideas

- Expand the data
- Custom animations
- Separate design for mobile

## 📜 What I Learned

- Structuring a small frontend project with modular TypeScript
- Managing and rendering structured data sets
- Implementing search and filtering without a framework
- Designing a calm, accessible UI with light and dark modes
- Deploying and maintaining a project with GitHub Pages

## Run the Project

Open in **GitHub Pages**: [Grimoire.ts](https://bambiroe.github.io/grimoire-ts/)

*OR*

**1.** Clone the repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/bambiroe/grimoire-ts.git
```

**2.** Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd grimoire-ts
```

**3.** Install dependencies (if you plan to run locally):

```bash
npm install
```

**4.** Run the app:

```bash
npx tsc && python3 -m http.server
```

**5.** Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:8000` to view the app.

## 🌿 Author

Created by [*@bambiroe*](https://github.com/bambiroe).

This project is licensed under the *MIT License* - *see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details*.
